= Muck Raker
Muck Raker contains the jar files and rake tasks for running deamons to aggregates and recommend data. See muck-services for details.

== Installation

Install muck raker:
  sudo gem install muck-raker
  
Add rake tasks to your Rakefile

  require 'muck_raker/tasks'

== Rake Tasks

  muck:raker:sync - Copy muck-raker migrations, solr config files and initializer file into your application.

  muck:raker:start - Start muck-raker daemon running continuously. This task forks and then checks for stale feeds every
  60 seconds. When a stale feed is detected, it harvests the feed. If resources are added, updated, or deleted, it
  indexes the new resources, generates recommendations for the new resources, and generates tags if needed. Once a week
  the daemon updates recommendations for all resources and generates new tag clouds.

  muck:raker:stop - Stop the muck raker daemon process.

  muck:raker:start_redo - Redo everything and quit. This task harvests, updates recommendations for all resources,
  generates tags if needed, and generates new tag clouds. It does not fork. It stops after the one pass through.

  muck:raker:harvest - Harvest stale feeds. Each feed has a "harvest_interval" that specifies how often the daemon
  should harvest it to see if it has changed.. After that time period has elapsed the feed is considered stale. By
  default that time period is 1 day.

  muck:raker:index - Index new resources, delete resources that were deleted from the database, and update the index
  for resources that were updated in the database.

  muck:raker:index_redo - Updates the indexes for all resources.

  muck:raker:recommend - Incrementally update recommendations (create recommendations for newly harvested records).

  muck:raker:recommend_redo - Redo recommendations for all resources.

  muck:raker:subjects - Auto-generate tags for newly harvested resources that don't have at least 4.

  muck:raker:tag_clouds - Regenerate tag clouds.

Copyright (c) 2009 Tatemae.com, released under the MIT license
